地球 星历9210年5月:

    星际战争爆发，太阳系内部内战导致人类种族分裂为两个派系。
    战争开始时，一队超大型远征队——HTE-#02518A 刚刚折跃前往7500光年外的MER-308R恒星系（双恒星系统，一颗恒星为红矮星，一颗为黄矮星。拥有一颗非常罕见的宜居行星）。此次折跃几乎耗尽了所有空间扭曲场发生器的能量储存。人联原打算在远征结束时派几个接送站来将远征舰队接回地球，然而在地球9210年2月时，远征队和地球总部失去了所有联系。

地球总部遭到了严重的武器打击，与HTE-#02518A的电磁波连接完全被切断。

地球 星历9235年：
    世界分为两个主要派系。
    远征队HTE-#02518A的远征进度已经完成，但是由于燃料不足，他们只好在一颗编号为MER-308R-FE1的行星上定居。这颗行星被他们称为Telia（类地行星，拥有厚厚的氮氧大气层。质量是地球的115%，在MER-308R恒星系的宜居带中。拥有地球般的四季变化和多种地形，并没有像地球那么大片的海洋。每天能看到两颗恒星升起和落下。不同日期温度差异较大。），是此次远征首要的研究对象，原本目的仅仅是探测动植物群系、生态系统、轨道周期和磁场分布。但是这次迫不得已的定居使他们发现了更多有意思的新东西。
    这颗星球的地表上某些矿区会有青绿色的矿丛出现，远征队很好奇它的构造。他们使用常规采矿工具切割这些矿物，却发现无法切开这些坚硬的石丛。这种矿物的结构好像分为了几个大构件，每个构件中存有许多能量，必须要使用高强度采集装置不断造成损伤直到它整块碎裂才能将其采集。远征队只好使用高级采矿舰的切割机切割这些坚硬无比的矿石。这种矿石被命名为|垣矿|
    矿石标本采集完毕后，远征队进行了几次地质勘探。发现这些矿丛是从地幔处“生长”出来的，但是为什么这种矿物会“生长”并且出现那样奇怪的结构？远征队继续研究它附近的构造，发现了一种淡蓝色的高密度能量晶体。通过地形显示器发现它们出现在地幔上层的熔岩矿洞中，其尖端拥有不稳定能量点，会不断释放能量激活周围的类似凝灰岩和黑曜石的物质，这些物质会不断聚合分裂直到形成一种稳定的矿物结构——垣矿就这样形成了。由于这些晶体不断释放能量束，垣矿会一直向外“生长”直到扎穿行星的表面。
远征队立刻派了一队地质勘探小队通过深度探测器采集到了这些晶体样本。采集过程中发现这种晶体会快速自我修复，它们是一种拥有“记忆”的晶体，可以记住周围可储能矿物的结构并且使用自己的能量将那些矿物修复。由于这种晶体被破坏会释放出大量能量并且爆裂，远征队只暂时把小型晶体簇样本完整保存了下来拿去研究。这些晶体被命名为|坭晶石|
    随后，这队远征队建立了自己的派系——人类星际联合国（HIUN）

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Earth, Star Date 9210 May:

An interstellar war broke out, and an internal civil war in the solar system caused the human race to split into two factions.
At the start of the war, a large expedition team - HTE-#02518A had just jumped to the MER-308R star system (a binary star system with one red dwarf and one yellow dwarf star, and a very rare habitable planet) 7500 light years away. This jump almost depleted all the energy storage of the space distortion field generator. The Human Alliance originally planned to send several shuttle stations to bring the expedition fleet back to Earth at the end of the expedition, but in February 9210 on Earth, the expedition team lost all contact with Earth headquarters.
Earth headquarters was severely attacked by weapons and the electromagnetic connection with HTE-#02518A was completely cut off.

Earth, Star Date 9235: The world is divided into two main factions. The progress of Expedition Team HTE-#02518A has been completed, but due to insufficient fuel, they had to settle on a planet numbered MER-308R-FE1. This planet was called Telia by them (a terrestrial planet with a thick nitrogen-oxygen atmosphere. Its mass is 115% of Earth’s and it is in the habitable zone of the MER-308R star system. It has Earth-like seasonal changes and various terrains but does not have as large oceans as Earth. Every day you can see two stars rise and fall. The temperature difference on different dates is relatively large.), which was the primary research object of this expedition. The original purpose was only to detect animal and plant communities, ecosystems, orbital periods and magnetic field distribution. But this forced settlement made them discover more interesting new things. In some mining areas on the surface of this planet, there will be blue-green ore clusters appearing. The expedition team was curious about its structure. They used conventional mining tools to cut these minerals but found that they could not cut these hard rock clusters. The structure of this mineral seems to be divided into several large components, each containing a lot of energy. It must be continuously damaged by high-intensity collection equipment until it shatters before it can be collected. The expedition team had to use advanced mining ships’ cutting machines to cut these extremely hard ores. This ore was named |Rampart Ore| After collecting ore samples, the expedition team conducted several geological surveys. They found that these ore clusters “grew” from the mantle, but why did this mineral “grow” and have such a strange structure? The expedition team continued to study its surrounding structure and found a light blue high-density energy crystal. Through terrain displayers, they found that they appeared in lava mine caves in the upper mantle. Their tips have unstable energy points that will continuously release energy to activate similar materials such as tuff and obsidian around them. These materials will continue to aggregate and split until they form a stable mineral structure - Rampart Ore is formed in this way. Because these crystals continuously release energy beams, Rampart Ore will continue to “grow” outward until it pierces the surface of the planet. The expedition team immediately sent a geological exploration team to collect these crystal samples through depth detectors. During the collection process, it was found that these crystals would quickly self-repair. They are crystals with “memory” that can remember the structure of surrounding energy-storing minerals and use their own energy to repair those minerals. Since destroying these crystals will release a lot of energy and burst, the expedition team temporarily preserved small crystal cluster samples intact for research. These crystals were named |Nixite| Later, this expedition team established its own faction - Human Interstellar United Nations (HIUN)
